(Kim Lip making some strange sound in the corner)
Yves: Garglin~ Strong!
(*Graglin is a mouthwash product in Korea)
Kim Lip: My mouth hurts
Yves: This is my first time to use it after I bought it
Yves: And it's...
Kim Lip: I'm about to cry...
Yves: Oh, is it a commercial?
Kim Lip: Then we have to be patient!
(What if LOOΠΔ shoots a commercial for a mouthwash product?)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - favOriTe"
Yves: It looks like an alcohol commercial, doesn't it?
Kim Lip: Garglin?
Kim Lip: Hey, why does this Garglin look....
Kim Lip: Look transparent?
Yves: That's how it is normally~
Kim Lip: Oh, really?
Yves: Right. You didn't know?
Kim Lip: Yes!
Yves: Don't you think it looks familiar?
Yves: I think I've seen it before
Kim Lip: Me too
Yves: Please pour some mouthwash
Kim Lip: Yes!
(Two hands?)
Kim Lip: Ah, why did you use two hands?
Yves: And I even swallowed it!
Yves: Mouthwash should be strong like this!
(Everyone, don't get it wrong. It's just acting)
Kim Lip: I think we will get another commercial, not a mouthwash.
Yves: Please don't edit it out!
Kim Lip: Bye~
Yves: We're adult, aren't we?
Kim Lip: Right!
(ADULT!)
Yves: See you~